## OneWay

![OneWay Icon](https://raw.github.com/nrj/OneWay/master/Icon.png)

OneWay is a contextual FTP, SFTP and Amazon S3 uploader for Mac OS X. With OneWay you can upload files directly from your Finder and easily add frequently used locations to your context menu. Just select the files or folders you wish to upload and then right-click.

![OneWay Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/nrj/OneWay/master/Screenshot.png)

OneWay supports Mac OS X 10.5 and up.

## License

OneWay and [objective-curl](https://github.com/nrj/objective-curl) are licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2009-2010, Nick Jensen, &lt;[nickrjensen@gmail](mailto:nickrjensen@gmail.com)&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


[Curl](http://curl.haxx.se/) and [libcurl](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl) are licensed under a MIT/X derivate license, see below.

Copyright (c) 1996 - 2010, Daniel Stenberg,  &lt;[daniel@haxxe.se](mailto:daniel@haxxe.se)&gt;
 
All rights reserved.
 
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.